README.md, before:

# Pyright Language Server for PyCharm Professional

<!-- Plugin description -->
Pyright language server integration for PyCharm Professional.

This plugin communicates with [the Pyright language server][1]
using [the experimental LSP API][2] added in PyCharm Professional 2023.2
to give you annotations about your code as you edit your Python files.


  [1]: https://github.com/microsoft/pyright
  [2]: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/language-server-protocol.html
<!-- Plugin description end -->

This is a proof of concept. It may or may not work.
See existing issues for more information on the progress.


## Installation

ZIP artifacts [are generated][3] for every push/PR by GitHub Actions.
Download them and follow the instructions described [here][4].


## Credits

Most of the code is derived from [@koxudaxi/ruff-pycharm-plugin][5].
It is such a fortune that that plugin does almost the same thing
and is also written in Kotlin, and hence easily understandable.

The SVG and PNG logos are derived from [the README image][6]
of the [@microsoft/pyright][1] repository,
generated using Inkscape's autotrace feature.


## See also

* [Pyright for PyCharm][7], its sister plugin for PyCharm Community
  that makes use of Pyright's command-line interface.


  [3]: https://github.com/InSyncWithFoo/pyright-experimental-plugin/actions/workflows/build.yaml
  [4]: https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/managing-plugins.html#install_plugin_from_disk
  [5]: https://github.com/koxudaxi/ruff-pycharm-plugin
  [6]: https://github.com/microsoft/pyright/blob/main/docs/img/PyrightLarge.png
  [7]: https://github.com/InSyncWithFoo/pyright-plugin

Commit message:

Fix #5 and prepare for the first pre-release

README.md, after:

# Pyright Language Server for PyCharm Professional

<!-- Plugin description -->
Pyright language server integration for PyCharm Professional.

This plugin communicates with [the Pyright language server][1]
using [the experimental LSP API][2] added in PyCharm Professional 2023.2
to give you annotations about your code as you edit your Python files.


  [1]: https://github.com/microsoft/pyright
  [2]: https://plugins.jetbrains.com/docs/intellij/language-server-protocol.html
<!-- Plugin description end -->

This is a proof of concept. It may or may not work.
See existing issues for more information on the progress.


## Installation

ZIP artifacts [are generated][3] for every push/PR by GitHub Actions.
Download them and follow the instructions described [here][4].


## Usage

Go to <b>Settings</b> | <b>Tools</b> |
<b>Pyright LS (Global)</b> / <b>Pyright LS (Project)</b> and
set the executable path to your Pyright language server executable.

It is typically named `pyright-langserver`/`pyright-python-langserver`;
if you have both, pick the first one.


## Credits

Most of the code is derived from [@koxudaxi/ruff-pycharm-plugin][5].
It is such a fortune that that plugin does almost the same thing
and is also written in Kotlin, and hence easily understandable.

The SVG and PNG logos are derived from [the README image][6]
of the [@microsoft/pyright][1] repository,
generated using Inkscape's autotrace feature.


## See also

* [Pyright for PyCharm][7], its sister plugin for PyCharm Community
  that makes use of Pyright's command-line interface.


  [3]: https://github.com/InSyncWithFoo/pyright-langserver-for-pycharm/actions/workflows/build.yaml
  [4]: https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/managing-plugins.html#install_plugin_from_disk
  [5]: https://github.com/koxudaxi/ruff-pycharm-plugin
  [6]: https://github.com/microsoft/pyright/blob/main/docs/img/PyrightLarge.png
  [7]: https://github.com/InSyncWithFoo/pyright-for-pycharm
